Kh2 Doc updates (#4434)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: worlds/kh2/docs/setup_en.md

    5. `AP Randomizer Seed`
- Optional Quality of Life Mods for Archipelago
    1. `Optionally Install the Archipelago Quality Of Life mod from JaredWeakStrike/AP_QOL using OpenKH Mod Manager`
    2. `Optionally Install the Quality Of Life mod from shananas/BearSkip using OpenKH Mod Manager`

<h3 style="text-transform:none";>Required: Archipelago Companion Mod</h3>

Load this mod just like the <b>GoA ROM</b> you did during the KH2 Rando setup. `JaredWeakStrike/APCompanion`<br> 
Have this mod second-highest priority below the .zip seed.<br>
This mod is based upon Num's Garden of Assemblege Mod and requires it to work. Without Num this could not be possible. 

<h3 style="text-transform:none";>Required: Auto Save Mod and KH2 Lua Library</h3>

Load these mods just like you loaded the GoA ROM mod during the KH2 Rando setup. `KH2FM-Mods-equations19/auto-save` and `KH2FM-Mods-equations19/KH2-Lua-Library` Location doesn't matter, required in case of crashes. See [Best Practices](en#best-practices) on how to load the auto save

<h3 style="text-transform:none";>Optional QoL Mods: AP QoL and Bear Skip</h3>

> `JaredWeakStrike/AP_QOL` Makes the Urns minigames much faster, Cavern of Remembrance orbs drop significantly more drive orbs for refilling drive/leveling master form, skips the animation when using the bulky vendor RC, skips carpet escape auto scroller in Agrabah 2, and prevents the wardrobe in the Beasts Castle wardrobe push minigame from waking up while being pushed.

Reviewer: Missing a verb to have a consistent list structure
```suggestion
`JaredWeakStrike/AP_QOL` Makes the Urns minigames much faster, makes Cavern of Remembrance orbs drop significantly more drive orbs for refilling drive/leveling master form, skips the animation when using the bulky vendor RC, skips carpet escape auto scroller in Agrabah 2, and prevents the wardrobe in the Beasts Castle wardrobe push minigame from waking up while being pushed.
```

> `shananas/BearSkip` Skips all minigames in 100 Acre Woods except the Spooky Cave minigame since there are chests in Spooky Cave you can only get during the minigame. For Spooky Cave Pooh is moved to the other side of the invisible wall that prevents you from using his RC to finish the minigame.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`shananas/BearSkip` Skips all minigames in 100 Acre Woods except the Spooky Cave minigame since there are chests in Spooky Cave you can only get during the minigame. For Spooky Cave, Pooh is moved to the other side of the invisible wall that prevents you from using his RC to finish the minigame.
```

<h2 style="text-transform:none";>Using the KH2 Client</h2>

> Once you have started the game through OpenKH Mod Manager and are in the Garden of Assemblade from a new save if starting a new run/room or loaded from a save if returning to a run. Run the [ArchipelagoKH2Client.exe](https://github.com/ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago/releases).<br>

Reviewer: This isn't a complete sentence anymore, it's also kind of awkward and could probably be restructured
```suggestion
Start the game through OpenKH Mod Manager. If starting a new run, enter the Garden of Assemblage from a new save. If returning to a run, load the save and enter the Garden of Assemblage. Then run the [ArchipelagoKH2Client.exe](https://github.com/ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago/releases).<br>
```
